hi this is Natalie Rydstrom and you're
watching SBR picks by 11 coussin host
atletico madrid on wednesday what's
predicted to be a very close match the
odds on the three-way line reflect that
but what's Arlene all shall we skip the
winners market altogether well Alex from
boom betting agency joins us now to run
through the match and to give us his top
predictions Alex thanks for being him
hey nerds now before we start quickly we
do have an ongoing Champions League
discussion here on our forum and if you
want to join in you can find the link in
the description below this video now al
eats at led to go are the favorites here
price 2.5 then by Leverkusen price 3.2
and the draw 3.3 tell me what are you
expecting to see him I think that
towards see an open match even though
Atletico are very tough on the defense
but I don't think that they will enter
on this match to defend is not on their
interest to do this day they are clearly
they have clearly the first chance so so
they will attack I see a match with
girls so maybe with a little plaster for
Atletico in terms of form leverkusen has
ups and downs in wulder's Rica but
Champions League is always some fingers
with the beaker with a little plaza for
Atletico in this one I think that you
will see a close game ok ok a close game
does that mean you're gonna play the
winners market or skip the winners
market I will play too but in a
different way I think that Atletico will
not lose this one so I will play a
critical to win with draw no bet at
another 1.7 okay I like that covering a
couple of aces there now the lean on the
total market for the under two and a
half goals is 1.73 do you agree with the
bookies will we see a low scoring game
personally i don't i don't think so here
i want to arrive i think that will see
goals from both sides leverkusen is
scoring a lot but is also considering a
lot so I think that both teams will
score at another 1.9 and Atletico is
also considering when they are attacking
a lot this is why I say that the
Leverkusen will score also and we will
see also all
for 2.5 goals is dementia the knot of
2.3 who wants to combine these swords
Werth into score and the over 2.5 can
find another around the 2.6 2.7 depends
of the bookies okay plenty to think
about hair Alex but what are your top
predictions that you have for us today
my secondary prediction draw at halftime
and this will surprise your little but I
I was i think that the girls will appear
in the second half so this is why i say
they draw at halftime and you double our
money with that a lot of two my top tip
is boasting to score at another 1.9 okay
so we've got the drawer at halftime
there and for his alex's top tip it's
both teams to score you can get that 1.9
there at paddy power if you want to
check out more free tips from alex at
boom betting agency simply follow the
link in the description below and hey
come in join in our forum discussion you
can also find the link of the
description below this video we'd love
to hear your thoughts Alex thanks for
joining us today thank you for the
invitation